README: Add Error codes into the readme (#10)
kube-storage/spec: README.md

}
```

#### Error Scheme

| Condition | gRPC Code | Description | Recovery Behavior |
|-------------------|-------------------|-------------------|-------------------|

> | Missing required field | INVALID_ARGUMENT | Indicates that a required field is missing from the request. | Caller MUST fix the request by adding the missing required field before retrying. |

Reviewer: do we need to pass in error code number as well ?

Author: @Madhu-1 Can you pls confirm?

Reviewer 2: good to document the error codes as well. documented here https://grpc.github.io/grpc/core/md_doc_statuscodes.html

Author: done

> | Source does not exist | NOT_FOUND | Indicates that the specified source does not exist. | Caller MUST verify that the source is correct, the source is accessible, and has not been deleted before retrying with exponential back off. |

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion

Volume does not exist | NOT_FOUND | Indicates that a volume corresponding to the specified volume_id does not exist. | Caller MUST verify that the volume_id is correct and that the volume is accessible and has not been deleted before retrying with exponential back off.
````

This need to be replaced in other places also.

Operation pending for volume | ABORTED | Indicates that there is already an operation pending for the specified `volume_id`. In general the Cluster Orchestrator (CO) is responsible for ensuring that there is no more than one call "in-flight" per `volume_id` at a given time. However, in some circumstances, the CO MAY lose state (for example when the CO crashes and restarts), and MAY issue multiple calls simultaneously for the same `volume_id`. The Plugin, SHOULD handle this as gracefully as possible, and MAY return this error code to reject secondary calls. | Caller SHOULD ensure that there are no other calls pending for the specified `volume_id`, and then retry with exponential back off. |
| Not authenticated | UNAUTHENTICATED | The invoked RPC does not carry secrets that are valid for authentication. | Caller SHALL either fix the secrets provided in the RPC, or otherwise regalvanize said secrets such that they will pass authentication by the Plugin for the attempted RPC, after which point the caller MAY retry the attempted RPC. |

> | Error in Unknown | UNKNOWN | Indicates that a unknown error is generated | Caller MUST study the logs before retrying |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| Error is Unknown | UNKNOWN | Indicates that a unknown error is generated | Caller MUST study the logs before retrying |
```

| Missing required field | INVALID_ARGUMENT | Indicates that a required field is missing from the request. | Caller MUST fix the request by adding the missing required field before retrying. |
| Source does not exist | NOT_FOUND | Indicates that the specified source does not exist. | Caller MUST verify that the source is correct, the source is accessible, and has not been deleted before retrying with exponential back off. |
Operation pending for volume | ABORTED | Indicates that there is already an operation pending for the specified `volume_id`. In general the Cluster Orchestrator (CO) is responsible for ensuring that there is no more than one call "in-flight" per `volume_id` at a given time. However, in some circumstances, the CO MAY lose state (for example when the CO crashes and restarts), and MAY issue multiple calls simultaneously for the same `volume_id`. The Plugin, SHOULD handle this as gracefully as possible, and MAY return this error code to reject secondary calls. | Caller SHOULD ensure that there are no other calls pending for the specified `volume_id`, and then retry with exponential back off. |

> | Call not implemented | UNIMPLEMENTED | The invoked RPC is not implemented by the Plugin or disabled in the Plugin's current mode of operation. | Caller MUST NOT retry. |

Reviewer 2: Unimplemented won't be applicable for enable and disable operations. need to be removed.

}
```

#### Error Scheme

| Condition | gRPC Code | Description | Recovery Behavior |
|-------------------|-------------------|-------------------|-------------------|
| Missing required field | INVALID_ARGUMENT | Indicates that a required field is missing from the request. | Caller MUST fix the request by adding the missing required field before retrying. |
| Source does not exist | NOT_FOUND | Indicates that the specified source does not exist. | Caller MUST verify that the source is correct, the source is accessible, and has not been deleted before retrying with exponential back off. |

> | Volume in use | FAILED_PRECONDITION | Indicates that the volume corresponding to the specified `volume_id` could not be Disabled due to failed precondition (for example volume is not enabled). | Caller SHOULD ensure that volume is enabled. |

Reviewer 2: if the mirroring is not enabled we should return success as spec need to be idempotent

Author: yeah right, what can be precondition here?

Reviewer 2: no precondition. we can remove the pre-condition here

Reviewer 2: missed to remove precondiftion here?

}
```

#### Error Scheme

| Condition | gRPC Code | Description | Recovery Behavior |
|-------------------|-------------------|-------------------|-------------------|
| Missing required field | INVALID_ARGUMENT | Indicates that a required field is missing from the request. | Caller MUST fix the request by adding the missing required field before retrying. |
| Volume does not exist | NOT_FOUND | Indicates that a volume corresponding to the specified `volume_id` does not exist. | Caller MUST verify that the `volume_id` is correct and that the volume is accessible and has not been deleted before retrying with exponential back off. |

> | Volume in use | FAILED_PRECONDITION | Indicates that the volume corresponding to the specified `volume_id` could not be promoted due to failed precondition (for example mirroring is not enabled). | Caller SHOULD ensure that mirroring is enabled. |

Reviewer: could this be `volume not available` condition rather than `volume in use`?

Author: It will be ambiguous IMO, people can think that volume is not available in the cluster

Reviewer 2: volume not available/not found is documented in the second point? and also it cannot be volume in use rather it should be Volume is not replicated?

Author: done

  bool ready = 1;
}
```

#### Error Scheme

| Condition | gRPC Code | Description | Recovery Behavior |
|-------------------|-------------------|-------------------|-------------------|
| Missing required field | INVALID_ARGUMENT | Indicates that a required field is missing from the request. | Caller MUST fix the request by adding the missing required field before retrying. |
| Source does not exist | NOT_FOUND | Indicates that the specified source does not exist. | Caller MUST verify that the source is correct, the source is accessible, and has not been deleted before retrying with exponential back off. |

> | Volume in use | FAILED_PRECONDITION | Indicates that the volume corresponding to the specified volume_id could not be resynced due to failed precondition (for example mirroring is not enabled or the resync site is not available). | Caller SHOULD ensure that mirroring is enabled. |

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Volume in use | FAILED_PRECONDITION | Indicates that the volume corresponding to the specified volume_id could not be resynced due to failed precondition (for example mirroring is not enabled or the image is in the demoted state). | Caller SHOULD ensure that mirroring is enabled and the image is demoted.
```
